C-CDA/readme.md, before:

# Sample C-CDA

The HL7 C-CDA specification includes [samples](https://cdasearch.hl7.org/search) and [sections](https://cdasearch.hl7.org/sections/General).
- [Sample Discharge Summary](https://cdasearch.hl7.org/examples/view/Documents/Discharge%20Summary)
- [Sample History and Physical](https://cdasearch.hl7.org/examples/view/Documents/History%20and%20Physical)
- [Sample of an allergy to latex section](https://cdasearch.hl7.org/examples/view/Allergies/Allergy%20to%20latex)

The [HL7 CDA C-CDA companion guide](http://www.hl7.org/implement/standards/product_brief.cfm?product_id=447) has a [HL7 github CDA-ccd-companion](https://github.com/HL7/cda-ccda-companion/) also includes some samples.

ONC has a site for C-CDA things including validation and scorecard:

https://site.healthit.gov/sandbox-ccda

On that site is a link to a github repo that holds samples from various sources:

https://github.com/chb/sample_ccdas

Additional samples from multiple EHR products are available here:

https://github.com/jddamore/ccda-samples

Samples are also available in the [Transformations](../Transformations) folder of this repository.

Commit message:

Added information about Synthea (HL7 synthetic data generator)

C-CDA/readme.md, after:

# Sample C-CDA

The HL7 C-CDA specification includes [samples](https://cdasearch.hl7.org/search) and [sections](https://cdasearch.hl7.org/sections/General).
- [Sample Discharge Summary](https://cdasearch.hl7.org/examples/view/Documents/Discharge%20Summary)
- [Sample History and Physical](https://cdasearch.hl7.org/examples/view/Documents/History%20and%20Physical)
- [Sample of an allergy to latex section](https://cdasearch.hl7.org/examples/view/Allergies/Allergy%20to%20latex)

The [HL7 CDA C-CDA companion guide](http://www.hl7.org/implement/standards/product_brief.cfm?product_id=447) has a [HL7 github CDA-ccd-companion](https://github.com/HL7/cda-ccda-companion/) also includes some samples.

ONC has a site for C-CDA things including validation and scorecard:

https://site.healthit.gov/sandbox-ccda

On that site is a link to a github repo that holds samples from various sources:

https://github.com/chb/sample_ccdas

Additional samples from multiple EHR products are available here:

https://github.com/jddamore/ccda-samples

Synthia is an open-source application for generating large amounts of sample HL7 C-CDA and FHIR data that statistically mirror attributes of the real population:

https://github.com/synthetichealth/synthea

Pre-generated data sets from Synthia are available here:

https://synthea.mitre.org/

Samples are also available in the [Transformations](../Transformations) folder of this repository.
